{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15520\viewh9440\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <p>Hello there, allow me to give you some information about myself.<br> I am Daniel Salnikov a PhD student at Imperial College London supervised by <a href=\'93https://www.imperial.ac.uk/people/g.nason\'94 target=\'93_blank> Professor Guy Nason. </a> and by <a href=\'93https://www.ucl.ac.uk/child-health/people/cortina-borja-mario\'94 target=\'93blank\'94> Professor Mario Cortina Borja. We are working on high-dimensional nonparametric methods, parsimonious models for multivariate time series, and statistical learning. Currently, we are exploiting networks to model complex processes. Our aim is to develop and use powerful statistical machine learning methods in a medical context, understanding how and why statistical machine learning methods succeed and fail at particular tasks might enable us to use in them in sensitive contexts where model interpretation, replication and explainability are as, if not more, important than forecasting accuracy. </p>\
<p> During my undergraduate studies I became interested on probability, statistics, optimization and analysis. Fortunately, the field of statistical learning combines themes from said fields to understand complex methods and machine learning models. My main interest at the moment is studying how concepts from high-dimensional and nonparametric statistics, optimization and analysis might help us grasp a better understanding of complex machine learning models. Also, I am interested on improving and/or proposing methodologies by incorporating theoretical results into algorithm design. Simply put, the journey an idea has from mathematical abstraction to statistical learning model ending in machine learning software is one I enjoy traveling. </p>\
<p> Thanks for reading, feel free to look at the rest of the page to learn more. </p>}